It's time.
A little while.
What do we do, too, then?
Snick!
Clarissa Roundhouse, Ren and Stimpy, are you afraid of the dark and Nickelodeon Slime Time
Sweepstakes are all ahead next.
Oh, I snick for joy.
Watch The Luchor Shorts, weekdays at 5.30, 4.30 Central on Nickelodeon.
Hi.
So grown up.
Oh, he's eating so sensibly.
Well, he knows just how-
Coolest stuff is.
Just check out all that-
Whole grain wheat.
Very nutritious.
Definitely.
It's just frosty.
It jams.
It's whatever you-
Child genius should eat.
Kellogg's Frosted Moody Wheats taste so good, who cares about anything else.
Besides, it's part of this complete breakfast.
He's probably downstairs right now, writing his dissertation on world peace.
There you go.
All right!
The taste of Juicy Fruit is gonna move ya all day long.
Juicy Fruit is gonna move ya.
Soft and sweet, get dragged to ya.
Juicy Fruit, the taste of taste of taste is gonna move ya.
Welcome to Snick, Saturday Night Nickelodeon.
Now you'll know what everyone's talking about on Monday Morning.
Throughout history, man has always found it both comforting and necessary to our vitals.
Seems that worshiping someone or something makes people feel better,
gives them something to strive for,
and creates a huge market for autograph albums.
The first recorded idol wasn't a movie star or a rock star.
It wasn't even a person.
It was a golden calf.
In Biblical times, people rallied around this monstrosity.
Until eventually, they figured out the golden calf
was yesterday's equivalent of a ceramic dalmatian.
In more modern times, there have been idols like Elvis Presley.
Idol to millions, even as there was more and more of them to idolize.
How does one become an idol?
Well, many are called, but few are chosen.
You can do something to help mankind.
You can have a hit record or TV series.
Or you can be yourself.
And maybe that's enough to make the new girl in school
think you're the greatest thing since sliced pizza.
Albert Einstein once said the most beautiful experience you can have is the mysterious.
Of course, Einstein also thought theoretical physics was more fun than skateboarding.
But how can we never address the real mysteries of life?
Like, why is there always a long line-ass at the ladies room?
Why is red cabbage purple?
Why are certain human beings inexplicably drawn to others?
It's not like I was extra friendly or extra nice or extra anything.
And yet the new girl in school Eve seems to really look up to me.
Like I was her idol or something.
I better be careful.
A thing like that can go to a girl's head.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. Guess what?
Hold that thought, Sam. I just want to finish this sentence.
Okay.
It must be great having you're an opinion, Collin.
So what's it about?
The rainforest, the whooping crane, whales?
The automobile in today's youth.
As essentials, braces, and probably cheaper.
Cool.
And now for something totally amazing.
My dad got called to Tampa for a fly fishing seminar.
Is that totally amazing for your dad or the fish?
For us.
Two tickets to the Hellblazer funny car tractor trailer show this Friday night.
Totally amazing.
So you want to go watch him set up?
Sure. In a minute.
Eve's coming over. We can all go.
Cool. You two really hit it off.
Well, she hasn't made any other friends yet.
I was going to introduce her to some people at the school paper,
but we can do that later.
Hey, Eve.
Hi, Sam.
Hi, Eve.
Am I just disturbing you?
I know I am. I'll go.
No, don't go.
Change of plans, though.
We're going to go watch him fill the mud pit down at the convention center.
Want to come?
Are you sure?
I can always come back another time.
That is if you want me to.
We can go to the newspaper later.
Oh, I'm glad you reminded me.
I knew you'd be busy, so...
You did the research for my column?
Grunge work.
Why should you have to do it?
This is unbelievable.
Tori Spelling's braces cost more than a Honda Civic.
Please stick a pricer with options.
And here's the new nirvana tape.
You can keep it.
Really?
You shouldn't have.
Nonsense. What are friends for?
And you've done so much for me.
I have?
You were just so friendly the first day at school.
I nodded.
It was a warm nod.
Warm and special, just like you.
Thanks.
I remember it like it was yesterday.
I admired your French braid.
I'd never be able to figure out how to do that.
Oh, it's easy. I'll show you how sometime.
You've got great hair, Eve.
Well, it's okay for her that's dull,
lifeless, and mousy brown.
It's not mousy.
It's chestnut, mahogany.
We're at Sienna.
You're too kind.
Look, I know we're not tight like you and Sam,
but thanks for letting me be,
even in some small way, part of your life.
Hey, no problemo.
You're bilingual. I knew it.
What can't you do, Clarissa Darling?
Well, one thing I can't do,
I can't get you stalled as attention.
Unbelievable.
Interesting article, dear.
Leonid Hingebottom.
He's gonna be lecturing at the university next week.
Who's Leonid Hingebottom,
one of those geeky folk singers from the 60s?
No, he was one of your father's professors in grad school.
Oh, no. He was more than a teacher's sport.
He was my mentor. Old Hingebottom.
He inspired the best work I ever did.
He was a brilliant educator, a remarkable man,
and I'd have to give him credit
for making me who I am today.
Your father worshipped him, Clarissa.
Yeah, well, I guess you'd have to say
that we had a mutual admiration society.
What's your favorite student?
Teacher's pet.
Yeah.
He's gonna be speaking on the 25th.
I hope we can get tickets.
25th?
Oh, dear. Marshall, there's a conflict.
We have theater tickets at night for cats.
Hmm.
Droning, lecture on Ionic and Dora columns
or Andrew Lloyd Webber.
That's a tough one.
Well, we can always go to the theater.
I haven't seen Old Hingebottom in 15 years.
Well, all right.
I'll call around and see if I can get rid of the tickets.
All right. Thanks, hon.
Perkesson, you have had your nose buried
in that who's who all week.
What are you looking for?
He's probably looking for his name.
Wrong book. Try what's that.
I did. They gave you a full page.
Anyway, this is a book on the most famous,
successful and celebrated people in the world.
Something you could never relate to your cheese breath.
I have a very important decision to make,
and I'm stuck.
Try hitting yourself in the head with the book.
Try brushing your teeth with a fork.
Well, what exactly are you looking for, Perkesson?
Ms. Gutenplan is making us start a correspondence
with someone we really admire.
I wanted to choose someone famous and successful,
and as circumstances would have it, rich.
Talk about your dream assignment,
a pen pal relationship with someone you can
eventually exploit for your own personal gain.
My thought exactly,
but I'm having trouble citing on who the final person will be.
Well, I wish I could suggest someone,
but admiration is such a personal thing.
Yeah, that's true, Mom.
I've got it narrowed down to Donald Trump,
Arnold Schwarzenegger,
and the guy who invented 2,000 flushes.
The toilet bowl guy. Perfect.
After all, he's used to dealing with waste products.
A recent study indicates that those who have contributed
most to our society know how to drive.
Mere coincidence or prerequisite for success.
Hi, Clarissa.
Eve, what happened?
Did I do something wrong?
How rude. I should have called you first.
Can you ever forgive me? Probably not, but...
No, it's your clothes.
They're just so... so much like mine, sort of.
Do you really think so?
I mean, I've never been able to pull an outfit together.
A born frump. That's Eve Beterberg for you.
You're too hard on yourself.
Let's face it, Clarissa, this whole outfit would look better on you.
I can only work with what I have, which isn't much.
But enough about me.
You can't be expected to work on an empty stomach.
There.
What is all this about?
Well, you're so busy and you need to finish your column.
I just thought that, well, you might be hungry.
You didn't have to go to all this trouble.
What trouble? It's not like I cooked the food.
Though, I did tell them to prepare the burger your way.
Hold the onions extra pickle.
Thanks, Eve.
That's good.
Brilliant makes me weep.
This article is insightful.
It's moving. It's inspirational.
Really?
The wit of Russell Baker.
William Sapphire's preciseness of language
and yet none of the ingenuous
aw-shucks pretension of Garrison Keeler.
Thanks, but that's nothing.
Wait till you see my next one.
What's it on?
I'll give you a scoop before it sees print.
Oh, come on. You can tell me.
Promise you'll keep it a secret?
Trust me.
Okay.
My prediction is by the year 2000,
virtual reality classrooms could replace the need to go to school.
Wow.
That is hot stuff.
An article like that would get a writer a lot of attention.
If they gave Pulitzer Prizes to high school students,
you'd be a shoe-in.
No.
Yes. No.
There's nothing else I can do for you.
I have to get down to the paper.
You got an assignment? That's great.
I wish. They're trying me out as copy girl.
I hope I won't disappoint them.
You'll be great. Thanks again for everything.
And if there's anything I can do for you.
Oh, you bet.
Hi, Fergwad.
Bye, Fergwad.
I couldn't have said it better myself.
The wit of like the opportunity.
Just you and your shadow again, huh?
Where'd she get that outfit?
I don't know.
Oh, stop. My sides are aching.
Now get out.
It's like she was studying you like you were a player
or a book or a set of blueprints.
You're just jealous.
My ego, healthy though it may be,
does not require people following me around
like a lap dog.
The only one who'd follow you around is a lap dog.
I can't help it if Eve looks up to me,
but she sure does it a lot.
A lot? That she does it at all is weird.
It's unnatural.
Creepy.
Maybe he's right.
Eve is coming out a little strong.
Fergwad hates her.
She can't be all bad.
Jing.
Hi, Clarissa. Hi, Eve.
Oh, I could never carry this off.
And green makes me look so sickly, doesn't it?
Hey, I don't think it looks so bad.
Kind of brings out your eyes.
Sam, you think so?
Clarissa, you were so kind to give me all these gray clothes.
Don't thank me.
I'll close it again.
What you need is one of those closet organizing kits.
I'll stop by shelves and stuff this weekend and pick one up.
Shelves and stuff. Great place.
They've got all those shelves and...
stuff.
Thanks, Eve, but I like organizing in my own
unique, messy way.
Check it out.
The paper did a preview on tonight's funny car show.
Wow, those tires must be 7 feet high.
And my dad says that
since you have a press pass from the school paper,
we can ride some of these monsters after the show.
Yes, the power of the press.
Uh, there might be a conflict.
Conflict? What conflict?
It is all my fault.
What's all your fault?
I am so forgetful.
My father says I forget my own name if it weren't...
Eve, what did you forget?
There's a newspaper meeting tonight.
The managing editor said for me to tell you that
everyone has to attend.
Not insignificant to everybody's like me.
Just the important people like you.
Oh, no.
I could have changed the tickets to Saturday night.
Major bummer.
Now I'm gonna miss the caterpillar,
the amazing four-wheeler,
the bunny funny car.
I'm so sorry I forgot to tell you.
Do you hate me? What can I do to make it up to you?
I'll do anything.
No, it's no big deal.
I just wish you'd told me sooner.
Tell you what, I'll go to the meeting.
You go to the funny car show.
I couldn't.
Why not? I have an extra ticket.
You're the one who goofed.
No, it's no problem. Just do whatever you want.
Well, if you don't mind, Clarissa.
Mind?
Why should I mind?
Great. This is gonna be really fun.
I'll catch you later.
I have to get going, too.
I can't believe we're gonna get to ride on an authentic funny car.
Fasten your seatbelt, Sam.
It's gonna be a bumpy night.
Yeah.
And the wrong person's in the driver's seat.
Na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na
I'm coming down, come buy a box, honey, taste you can't miss
Part of this balanced, nutritious breakfast
Give me your question, taste it
News for those guys who play two sports
When you play five sports, you really need something this good
Right, tasting time and care
Really, really good stuff
Everybody's having fun
Nah!
It's wacky waterwackers
Fill it
Smack it
But don't crack it
It's wacky water fun
For everyone
Smack it
But don't crack it
It's wacky waterwackers
Comes with everything you see here
From a buddy else
It's made of this time with no WWF figures
Like Rick Martell and Hulk Hogan
I'll show Hulk some real arrogance
Hulk said you're just another stinker
Now Iris is trying to make me pay
When I do taxes, I always get a refund
Like new WWF figures now
Go separately, dig it
It's a Nickelodeon orange appeal
Hi, I'm Michael Malley of Get the Picture
Today, no joking around
I've got a question with no easy answer
How are we going to get the environment back into shape?
Part of that answer is remembering to reduce, reuse and recycle
Because there isn't room left to mess up anymore
Get the picture
This orange appeal has been brought to you
By the National Wildlife Federation
And Nickelodeon
Watching
Smack!
And now, back to Clarissa Explains It All
Na na na na na na na na na
Na na na na na na na na na na na na
OK, ready?
Welcome to Worm World
Today's topic is the segmented or analib worm
Better known as the Common Garden variety leech
You may recognise it in another form
The Human Leech
A.K.A. E. Biederberg
When we last stuck to Eve
She was scampering off to the car show
With My Ticket and My best friend
And what has she taken of mine since?
If imitations, the sincerest form of flattery,
why aren't I flattered?
Perfect.
Hey guys, what's the Flood 101?
Looks like me, sounds like me.
What's wrong with this picture?
I'm not in it.
Well, that's a good one.
Oh, I bought it at a US clothing shop.
Isn't that amazing?
Really?
This new car, it's got a five-speed transmission,
all leather interior, deluxe CD-flow.
And it goes from zero to 60 in 8.5 seconds.
Oh, you're so crazy.
That doesn't have to happen.
Oh, that's crazy.
Yeah, I know.
That's crazy.
Yeah, that's crazy.
Will the real Clarissa please stand up?
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Clarissa.
Are you sure you have the right window?
It's the same window I always come through.
Why?
You and Eve have been hanging out a lot together.
I'm surprised you're not over there.
She's down at the newspaper.
Besides, her house is one level.
Why use the front door?
Why the major freak out of Eve?
Why not?
It's not your life she's taking over.
Isn't that a little extreme, Clarissa?
Extreme?
I don't think so.
Soon the only difference between us
will be our fingerprints.
And there are operations to take care of that.
Wait a minute.
Aren't you the one who said she was new in town
and didn't have a lot of friends?
Besides, she likes you.
I don't like to be like like this.
It's spooky.
Yeah, I know.
But maybe she's just lonely.
And if she tries to be like you,
it's only because she's your biggest fan.
She didn't stop talking about you at the car show.
Clarissa does this.
Clarissa says this.
Isn't Clarissa great?
Only she didn't look up to me so much.
I'm sure that I'll change once she gets to know you.
You know what I mean.
I'll see you later.
If she gets to know me any better, she'll be me.
No, this isn't the Broadway production of Cats.
It's a touring company.
And with Dick Van Patten playing old Deuteronomy,
it's sure to be a night to remember.
Uh-huh.
Enjoy the show.
So you managed to pawn the tickets off on someone else.
Congratulations.
Well, actually, I was looking forward
to an evening of light entertainment
with lots of dancing.
Besides, the song says some great themes.
Friendship, hardship, survival.
Survival?
Maybe I should take the tickets.
Why?
Problem, do you?
Well, how do you survive being friends with someone?
What do you mean?
It's Eve.
She's everywhere wanting to do this for me,
wanting to do that for me, wanting to be me.
I mean, she copies everything I do.
She's more than a friend, Mom.
She's an appendage.
When my family first moved from Canada,
I didn't know anyone in school.
And then in French class, there was this girl,
Miranda Farfel Fine.
Did she attach herself to you like a vice?
No, I clung to Miranda.
She was pretty and smart and self-confident,
and I was a new girl in town, like Eve.
So what ever happened to this, Miranda?
Well, I think she sells faux jewelry
on one of those shop-at-home cable channels.
But that's not the point.
What's important is that after a while,
I found my own identity, and I didn't need Miranda anymore.
I never looked at it like that.
I guess I could be a little more tolerant.
Well, just try to put yourself in Eve's place.
Look what I found.
My biodome, the prefabricated indoor nature
preserve that I designed in old Hitchbottom's class.
Oh, and the T-square that he gave me
for a graduation present.
Boy, is he going to get a kick out of these?
Have you reached him yet?
No, I decided against that.
I want to surprise him.
So I made reservations at La Couscous for all of us.
Boy, it's just going to be an evening, huh?
Marcia, what a great idea.
Yeah, then I thought I'd have him here afterwards,
you know, meet the whole family.
Oh, Sport, you're going to love him.
Mom, where's the mail?
Oh, sorry, Ferguson.
Nothing came for you today.
I don't understand.
I sent my letter, air expressed.
You still waiting to hear from your hero?
Whoever it is, he probably shot himself
when he found out Ferg nerd admired him.
Oh, Sport, everyone needs someone to look up to.
Much the way you admire spores, molds, and fungus.
So who did you finally decide on, Ferguson?
The Terminator or the Donald?
My money's on the toilet bowl guy.
Actually, Mom, it's going to be a surprise.
I chose someone so famous, so influential.
So what?
He'll never write back.
Oh, ye of little faith.
Oh, ye of little brain.
Why would anybody who's a anybody write to a nobody?
Laugh while you can, sis.
For the mere price of postage,
I have opened the corridors of power.
They say power corrupts, but in Ferguson's case, too late.
Don't worry, Eve.
Rollerblading only looks difficult.
Great, I'll see you this weekend.
Bye, Sam.
You want to go rollerblading with me and Eve this weekend?
I don't think so.
Come on, it'll be fun.
I've been thinking it over, and Eve's not so bad.
Well, everything's relative.
Compared to Genghis Khan, she's an upstanding citizen.
Now you're being hard on her.
I don't think so.
Check out letters to the editor.
I don't believe it.
Virtual Reality Replacing Classrooms by Eve Beterberg,
but that's my next column.
What's your next column?
Until Eve Beterberg beats you to it.
Looks like you were right about her all along.
The conniving little reptile.
You can win the Pulitzer Prize, Clarissa.
Your secret safe with me, Clarissa.
Trust me.
I never trusted her.
Right.
She's just lonely.
She likes you, Clarissa.
She's your biggest fan.
Oops.
So, Eve likes my story ideas.
Well, there's plenty more where that came from.
You really should eat something before we go, Marshall.
Oh, no, I'm too excited.
I can't wait to see the expression in Hinge Bottom's
face when he sees me.
Oh, he will be so proud of you, Marshall.
Yeah.
Isn't it time you two took a break?
Deadline's a deadline, Mom.
Well, don't work too hard.
And if you get hungry, there's some soy pilaf
balls in the fridge.
Thank you, Mrs. Darling.
Mr. and Mrs. Darling, how nice to see you again.
If I didn't know better, I'd swear you were Clarissa's sister.
Oh, he fall sweet.
Don't tell me.
Frank Lloyd Wright.
Oh, well, close.
Marshall Darling.
No.
And?
Yeah.
Hi, Eve.
Bye, guys.
Have fun.
Bye.
Hi, Clarissa.
Eve, I just got them reading your letter to the editor.
Did you like it?
I'd like the idea.
Me too.
Oh, you don't think I stole your idea, do you?
I was just laying the groundwork for your article.
Did a good job.
You might say you took the words right out of my mouth.
Clarissa, are you mad at me?
I meant it as a surprise.
Gosh, I always do the wrong thing.
Can you ever forgive me?
It's OK.
Look, I don't know how I'll make it up to you.
I'll do anything.
It's OK.
Hey, everybody makes mistakes.
They do.
I mean, they do.
Boy, do they.
Then you're not angry.
Clarissa's a very understanding person.
I'll say.
Why shouldn't I be?
I mean, it's not like you stole it deliberately.
Of course not.
Though it is too bad I got credit for such a brilliant idea.
I know how horrible you must feel.
Devastated.
Though it proves what a powerful thinker you are, Clarissa,
my phone hasn't stopped ringing.
And the managing editor, forget it.
What?
The managing editor, what?
It's not important since I'd never do it.
He offered me my own column.
I turned him down.
After all, what would I write about?
Beats me.
I know I've got my hot topic for next week's column.
Yeah, it's a killer.
Really?
Really.
Say, Clarissa, did your mom make those soy falafel balls?
I love so much.
Oh, yeah, Sam.
I think there's a fresh batch in the fridge.
Oh, Eve?
No, that's OK.
I've got to get going.
I'll just let myself out.
See you.
Bye.
So you think she bought it?
Hook, buy line, and sink her?
I hope so because if she doesn't steal your idea.
Sam, Sam, Sam.
Once a weasel, always a weasel.
Maybe we should feel sorry for her.
There must be some psychological reason people
like Eve crave attention.
And that's just what she's going to get for her brilliant essay.
Why recycle when you can fill a landfill?
Na, na, na.
Everyone set their cans and bottles underneath Eve's desk.
168 last count.
And the principal picked her to be the liaison between the school
and the recycling center.
The parental units.
Talk to you later, Sam.
You're just going to have to get over it, Marshall.
He thought my name was Clive.
He's still upset, huh?
I'm not afraid so.
Although I have to admit, I don't understand
why he didn't recognize you.
Oh, yeah.
Kept saying, who?
Who are you?
Though in all fairness, professors
do have so many students throughout the year,
so it's difficult to keep up with them.
Oh, he wasn't that good of a professor.
Trust me, he was pretty disorganized
for an architect.
On a scale of one to 10, four tops.
He used to jab at the blackboard with the chalk shards
flying everywhere.
It's here.
My Ferguson, this is a letter from Buckingham Powas.
Yeah, my hero, Prince Charles, he wrote back.
Prince Charles sure has a funny signature.
Cordially Diana, Princess of Wales.
That's your hero, Furgadourke?
Ferguson, you chose a woman as your hero?
How progressive.
There must be some mistake.
This is a mix-up.
They sent it to the wrong palace.
I wrote to Charles.
You've got to believe me.
Oh, there's nothing to be embarrassed about, son.
Princess Diana is one of the most beautiful women
in the world.
I know.
When she smiles, it's like she's smiling right at you.
I mean, I'm going right to the top on this one.
Top.
Queen Elizabeth.
That's right.
No, no, better yet.
Queen Mother.
Yeah, yeah.
She's the one who calls the shots anyway, I'm sure.
Diane Fergie has a nice ring to it.
I guess when you're a public figure,
unwanted admirers comes with the territory.
As for me, I don't want to be idolized.
My advice to anyone who wants to be somebody else,
get a life.
And please, not mine.
Stand by to play Slime Time Live.
Nickelodeon's Slime Time Swiftstakes is coming up now.
The interactive play-at-home game
where you've got to find who's
hidden behind the boxes.
There's only one way to find out.
Stay tuned for Slime Time coming up next.
Let's do it to it.
Clarissa Explains It All was taped in Nickelodeon studios
at Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
Saturday night has arrived.
And Saturday night belongs to Snick.
Think of all the mature, responsible things
you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street,
proudly maintaining your yard, hanging with your folks,
or cleaning your room.
But get real, you'd rather be playing video games.
You can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo,
Super Nintendo, than Sega Genesis games
for rent than anyone in the world.
So dudes, why not get your games from Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
Cooler than a jagged haircut, easier to wear than poultry,
more comfortable than a kick of the head.
They're Bark2s from Bark's Root Beer.
Cool, removable body art in 36 different designs,
and free inside specially marked 12 packs
of great tasting Bark's Root Beer, the one with bite.
So leave your later hose at home
and make a fashion statement on your arm, on your leg,
or on your head with Bark2s from Bark's Root Beer,
the one with Bark2s.
Playing hard and you'll come through.
Once more, Tony.
We got the tiger in you.
That's it.
Doing your best takes practice and smart eating
like this complete breakfast, including
a sweet crunch of Kellogg's Frosted Flakes.
Come on, see if you're any good.
Good, there you go.
All right.
Thank you.
There's a hunger.
You're hot.
The sun is intense.
You need something to take the heat off.
So you go for a refreshing Snickers ice cream bar.
Rich, creamy ice cream with all the great taste
of Snickers.
There's a hunger inside you.
Snickers ice cream bar.
It's camp sing-along time.
From the only network for you.
Hey, big garbage, no, no, all is Donkey Lips.
He will share his dancing tips.
He's the no one dancing trips.
He will crush him.
That's what gonna fuck it down.
You should smell his socks.
Stop.
Donkey time.
Donkey Lips wants you to salute your shorts.
Weekdays at 5.30, 4.30 Central on Nickelodeon.
We're ready to play Slime Time and from a McDonald's
in Island Park, Illinois, we have Zoe live on an AT&T video
phone.
Zoe, you know how to play, so let's get started.
When you say stop, a Nickelodeon character
is going to tell you who you need to find on our game
board to win.
So when you're ready, yell out stop.
It's me, Clarissa.
Now my irritating brother, Fergbase,
is somewhere on the game board.
If you find him, you win.
OK, so you have two chances to find Ferguson.
Pick a number now.
Three.
Let's see three.
You win.
Yes.
It's me, Ferguson, from Clarissa Explains It All.
Great job.
Way to go.
You won it all, Zoe.
You win the trip for $500 spending money.
The tickets to Universal Studios in Florida.
You get the Sega Game Gear, 12 cartridges,
plus the surf ninja cartridge, a bunch of accessories.
You got the AT&T phone and the digital answering
machine.
You won it all.
Way to go.
We'll be back in a minute.
My time is sponsored by McDonald's, Sega,
and the place for only kids win, Nickelodeon.
Round and round and round.
The never-ending 1993.
What you're about to hear is the state of the planet
address.
Ah!
Let's go straight to the source.
Mother Earth, how are you feeling?
Don't ask.
My ozone layer is depleted.
And would you look at this rainforest so thin?
Ah!
Again, with the strip mining.
Well, luckily there is still time.
Time?
Don't you talk to me about that, putz.
He's always running out on me.
Father Time, is this true?
Recently, I had quite a scare.
Had to take Mother Earth to the hospital.
They had me filling out forms up to here.
Signed it, signed that, signed here, signed there.
It's tough when you worry.
So looks like time is running out for Mother Earth.
By now, you're probably asking yourself,
what am I supposed to do about it?
I mean, I'm not a politician or anything.
Are you stuck in a low pay, go nowhere,
do nothing, job?
If you answered yes, then you're probably either a kid
or the vice president of the United States.
And in any case, there's no point in concentrating
on what you can't be.
Think about what you can be.
You can be a nuisance.
That's right.
Anyone can learn how to be a nuisance in no time at all.
Kids are especially good at it.
You'll learn proven techniques such as brow beading.
Mom, but he turned and has phosphate in it.
Be always effective whining.
Dad, don't throw away that newspaper.
Recycle it.
With practice, you'll even master advanced nuisance methods
like playing off the other person's vanity.
Sis, don't take the car.
It's only six blocks.
You could walk off some of that cellulite.
Ooh.
He called you when all else fails.
Gazzle him with scientific knowledge.
Pull my finger.
No way, dad.
Methane's bad for the ozone layer.
Ozone, schmozone.
So there's a big hole in the sky at the South Pole.
So a bunch of penguins get a suntan.
Big whoop.
You're missing the point, dad.
Right now, I'm going to miss the point after.
You're blocking the TV.
Come on, son.
I don't care about the ozone.
Right now, I just want to see the end zone.
Saving the Earth is not a game, dad.
Oh, look at that.
They blocked the kick and I missed it.
Come on.
You're being a pain in my end zone.
What's with all this environmental hoo-ha?
All of a sudden, my whole family's
turned into one big pain in the-
Pat Lass, the painkiller for that specific pain only
an aggravated father knows, presenting Dadville.
Sorry, pal.
No fancy aspirin's going to help the pain I got.
Well, Dadville's no ordinary back pain relief remedy.
No, it's made for dads whose families make
their pathetic, wretched lives a living hell, just like you.
Well, it's not technically back pain, though.
Oh, well, Dadville's not for ordinary back pain.
No, it's specifically designed for that pain
in the lower back.
Lower, lower, lower back.
Hey, I can feel it working already.
And look, I can sit in my chair again.
And relief is as fast as you can say.
What happened to that huge pain in my butt?
Oh, they're still here.
But my buns feel great.
Style with Elsa Flinch.
Here to tell us about his new line
of environmentally conscious clothing
is form of fast food clown turned
environmentalist designer, Donald McRonald.
Welcome, Donald.
Thank you, Elsa.
All of my new designs are made from fast food packages
which have been recycled into with it apparel.
Ooh, let's have a look, shall we?
As you know, Elsa, hats are in.
Notice the way the tiny styrofoam box
makes the angle's head up there.
Oh.
This look was inspired by my dear friend, Mary McLeese
who wore a tiny derby and had a huge hamburger for a hat.
Well, it's absolutely lovely.
Elsa, today's women are environmentally conscious
and go in places.
What are your feet?
To me, it says I'm a woman.
I'm independent.
And I'm happy.
Notice, too, that my breakfast plate's fanny pack.
What used to house flapjacks and sausages
now come to lipstick and eyeliner.
It's absolutely stunning.
And isn't this fabulous?
It's both practical and feminine.
Thank you so much, Donald.
And we'll be right back with a look at Donald's
new condiment-inspired colognes.
Oh, the McMustard and McPickle number five.
Right off to this.
Dumbers, many people ask me how I keep
so physically fit and mentally challenged.
It's easy with the aerobic step compactor.
The compactor is designed for people like you
who want to firm up your gluteus.
Your gut or your high knee.
And it's so easy to use.
Even I can do it.
Simply start with your right foot and...
Oh, sorry.
They look so much alike.
And step, step, step your weight to less weight.
Either way, you need smaller trash bags
and smaller dress sizes in only two weeks.
And for those trouble spots that need that extra attention,
try my new thigh masher.
Ladies and gentlemen, live from the Earth Summit
on the Alaskan coastline, they're militant.
They're righteous. They're rapping.
And they're environmentalists.
It's Sister Future and Brother Nature.
Yes, I'm Sister Future.
Those punch-offs to Earth like a five-minute mooch.
I'm here to save the Earth's future.
And if you don't dig it, you can kiss it.
Check it out.
I'm about to say it's true.
I'm stuck down the street
in front of a man from my department.
Peace is all about survival.
We've got to save your friends today.
Before it up and down, recycle all these dirty louse
acid rainers in the house.
Forget it!
Pollution is not the solution.
You, me, together as one.
Yeah!
Keep it clean. Do your part.
Peace!
Come out of here.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Henry only dreamed about playing in the majors...
I got it!
...until...
Hey, rolling gardener, catch!
He got the break of a lifetime.
The tendons have healed a little tight.
This summer...
I'm the new pitcher.
The majors will be answering to a minor.
I dare you to run.
What?
Chicken?
Rookie of the Year.
Gotcha.
Ready to beat you.
Special sneak brief used tonight and tomorrow.
Check news papers.
Let's do jumps to hop hop.
Skip it! Skip it!
Skip it and then jump and then a bob-de-bob.
But the very best thing of all...
There's a counter on this ball.
Maybe you can beat your very best boy.
Maybe you can jump a whole lot more.
Skip it! Skip it!
Bet you're gonna love it.
Skip it! From Tiger Toys.
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Do you see?
See what?
What are you doing for the environment?
You kids are always harping on me about it.
What are you doing?
Nothing.
Absolutely nothing.
Huh?
How's that helping the environment?
Come on, I thought you kids were up on this stuff.
I'm not driving a car around so I'm not polluting the air.
I'm not running the lawn mower.
I'm not using the hedge clippers.
All that friction could hurt the global warming.
And that's just around the house.
I'll have you know at this very moment
your father is not doing thousands of jobs
all across this country.
Talk about saving energy.
I could be the single best friend this earth has.
Well, great dad, how about if we're joining the spirit
by not going to school?
Very funny, Mr. Wiseacre.
If you're not out the door by the time I count to three
I'm gonna break my pledge not to kick your butt
all the way to the bus stop.
One, two.
Only had to count to two.
That in itself probably saved a seal somewhere.
This is just a reminder.
For Planet Day
we have a special dramatic presentation
by a kid dressed as a tree.
I think that I shall never see a thing as lovely as a tree.
Look at the flowering conifer.
La la la.
Wait until it.
Pumpers rock start self-appointed environmental spokesman.
It's true the trees in our rainforest
are disappearing almost as fast as my hair.
But another valuable resource is vanishing even faster.
The children who portray trees in our school plays.
Yes, thousands of these children die of embarrassment
every year.
That's why I'm asking you to help preserve
insecure dweebs in our trees.
Or idiots.
Yes, many popular actors are idiots
that began their careers as trees.
Arnold Schwarzenegger still is.
So, if an idiot comes knocking at your door
at one of these funny little cheap cardboard costumes
give generously
because idiots are our most valuable resource.
Next to oil of course.
Gene TV, isn't that using energy?
Heh, shows how much you know.
I got one of those solar panels on the roof.
This TV is running on the sun.
Well, that's great, Dad.
You really are doing something to help the environment.
Way to go.
Hi, I'm Cindy Crawfish.
And today on House of Styles
we'll be looking at the evolution of the Thong bikini.
Ooh, the solar TV's gonna work out just fine.
Being an environmentalist didn't show difficult after all.
The Thong was actually inspired by a wedgie.
Let's go to the beach where our two young models
playfully re-enact the wedgie.
Hey, what's going on?
Hey, you can't stop flying.
Yeah, you want a piece of me?
Bring it on.
Ah, forget it.
I got thongs to watch.
You're up this program to take you live to the observatory
where the once in a million year solar eclipse
is about to take...
Great.
I got a moon blocking my moons.
And that's the story behind the Thong.
Thanks again to Madonna for her special appearance.
Ah, no, I can't believe I missed Madonna's buns.
What did you say, dear?
I said that we wouldn't miss those buns
that we bought, those extra sticky buns.
We could give them to hungry people or something, somewhere.
Oh, yes, your concern for buns is inspiring, dear.
I'm Sally Blubber.
The many children who don't have food to eat,
a place to sleep, or even a high school diploma,
be able to solve those pesky problems like world hunger.
But we can still help them earn a diploma
through hungry children's correspondent schools.
You can help a child earn an associate's degree
in any of these specialized areas.
Auto repair,
electrical,
legal secretary,
hair-sleeper in the high-tech unisex salon industry,
a pickly-wiggly checkout, much more.
For the small price of just one eclair a day,
you can make the difference between a hungry child
and a hungry child who has a lot of homework.
Here's one of our sponsored child success stories,
Benita, to tell you for herself.
I'm still hungry, but I now know gun repair.
Get your own, help the children.
Do you know of any roles for overweight has-been actresses?
Honestly, how can he love like this?
Ah, but you were dead.
No, I've been trapped in a pile of cheese, different.
I've been here and cleaned this room up.
It's a disaster area.
Hi, I'm President Clinton.
You know, the federal government is not only concerned
about the environment, but we're also desperate for cash.
For 25 bucks, we'll make sure you never have to clean your room again.
You mean you're gonna clean it for me?
No, but we'll officially declare your room a protected natural habitat.
Ma'am, we've found a rare strain of earmites
that live only in Jimmy's room.
Don't touch a thing.
This room is a protected earmite sanctuary.
Oh, fish, I'll just do it myself.
Put the shirt down and step back.
Step away from the shirt.
Sorry, ma'am.
Tampering with a wildlife sanctuary is against the law.
You'll have to come with me, ma'am.
Oh, like heck I will, you little saxophone playing MTV baby boomer slob.
I'll show you who wears the pants and the pants.
I'm Razor, live from my room, Nerva.
My room's a disaster area.
A natural habitat.
But my room's a disaster area, area.
A hundred ways for this and that.
And the big orange couch will sneak again after this.
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing.
Helping old ladies cross the street.
Hanging with your folks.
Or cleaning your room.
But get real, you'd rather be playing video games.
You can rent them from Blockbuster.
They've got more video games rent than anyone in the world.
And now, every Blockbuster's getting tons of the coolest new video games.
And you can play for three whole evenings.
So dudes, why not get your games at Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do.
Tasting time and care.
Relay, relay, good stuff.
You're hot.
The sun is intense.
You need something to take the heat off.
So you go for a refreshing Snickers Ice Cream Bar.
Rich, creamy ice cream with all the great taste of Snickers.
Snickers Ice Cream Bar.
We now return to Roundhouse in Snick.
Only on Nick.
Capably tell from my accent,
I am an arrogant French peasant.
I come from a tiny village
which supplies the fancy bottled water you drink.
And if you are stupid enough
to pay for the water my mules drink for free,
well then you'll probably pay for the air my chickens breathe.
Introducing,
Perry air, bottled air from the French ops.
Clean, clear, unpolluted air
that always keeps your pangs through the nose.
And coming soon,
Dairy air.
Let's face it,
you would buy a fart if it had a French name.
Hi there folks.
Come on down to the We Don't Care Mart
where we take the minnows,
we don't care.
Take a look at this genuine Condor Jim bag.
Guaranteed to impress the guys.
Only $9.95.
We can sell it cheap because
we don't care.
How about our Stuff Panda special for all you young livers out there?
They're selling like hotcakes.
There's only 50 alive left in captivity.
But you know what?
We don't care.
Say, bring the kids on down for a whooping crane hot dog
and a visit to the beaten zoo.
Wack them, poke them, feed them explosives.
Out of environmental.
Ladies and gentlemen,
magic is in the air.
Please welcome the world's
foremost environmental magicians,
Sigmund and Troy.
Thank you very much.
And I also thank you.
Sigmund and Troy.
This is, so naturally we hold them around the world
and make public spectacles of them.
Yeah, and make millions of American dollars.
But what about other endangered species?
Well, I'm glad you asked because it's time for our first feat of magic.
Ladies and gentlemen,
for the last time anywhere,
the Spotted Owl.
The Spotted Owl lives in the great forest
of the American Northwest.
Yeah, and then comes along to Lumberjack.
And the tree has disappeared.
And Lumberjack's job has disappeared.
Now Troy, how do we make them?
I'm afraid we can't, Sigmund, but not really magicians.
We're just a couple of silly Germans
and flashy outfits.
Once these things are gone, they're gone.
Date line, Earth,
the year 2093.
A TV commercial from
the future, future, future.
Remember when the Earth had an ozone layer
that protected us from the sun
and we could actually go outdoors?
Well now you can relive those days
with new sunscreen 2000.
Take it along on your vacation.
Sir, we're planning a trip to visit the tree.
Oh boy, SPF 2000.
Now I can go in the sun for almost 11 seconds.
Oops, too long.
Hold everything, that commercial.
Yep.
We make the most of the time we have.
In a hundred years, we could see this commercial instead.
Oh mother Earth is just fine now.
And it's just the way I like it.
When it comes down to it,
it's all a matter of simple arithmetic.
How many Earths do we have?
One.
And how many chances do we have to save it?
And how many people is it going to take to make a start?
One.
Slime time.
Slime time is Nick's interactive game.
We play live on the air, live on the video phone
with kids across the country.
And the next go round is coming up next.
So stay tuned.
It's Nick.
Or it's not.
Pick Nick every Saturday night.
If you answer this question correctly,
madam, you win $50.
And if you answer this question correctly,
What was Mozart's middle name?
Time's up.
What I want to know is,
how do they cram all that cram?
How do they cram all that cram cracker taste
into every bite of golden grams
and still have room for the honey
that makes them...
Amazing.
Golden grams are part of this complete breakfast.
Could you repeat the question?
I could.
How do they cram all that cram?
Scramble is the hot new game.
Playing ball won't be the same.
Your color comes up,
you hit someone.
If it doesn't, you gotta run.
Scramble.
Hit someone, get a wristband.
If they dodge or catch the ball,
give them one of yours.
First with six bands, win.
Scramble is the hot new game.
Playing ball.
Scramble.
Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick, Nick.
I'll lick your tip, na na na na na na na na na na
Nickelodeon, oh, we're the little thing that
Make us kid
We're gonna reach New York and we're gonna
Actually, Robbie, what we're gonna do, you know how to play
So let's get started
When you say stop, what's gonna happen is a Nickelodeon character
We'll tell you who you need to find on our game board to win
So, when you're ready say stop
It's me, Stimpy
And if you find my pal, Ren, you win
Okay, so you got two chances to find Ren
Pick a box
Seven
Let's see, seven
Wrong box
It's me, Ivan, from Roundhouse
You've still got another shot, so pick again
One more chance, pick another box
One
Let's see, one
It's me, Walter from Welcome Freshman
That means it's Slime Time
It's Slime Time
Box is right there
But you still got Slime
You got the Sega Game Gear
You got the Serpent Ninja whoopee
BAM
Slime Time is sponsored by McDonald's
Sega and the place where only kids win
Nickelodeon
Look, Stimpy
Now, there's the life
Oh, look at the cute little babies
Cute nothing
They're deadbeats
Babies have the world's easiest life
People feed them, they clothe them
They carry them everywhere they go
And they expect nothing in return
Why, I here tell
That they don't even have to wipe themselves
No
Yeah
All right, drop the act
I got a proposition for you
I'll give you 50 bucks
If the two of you take a permanent vacation
Wait, Jackson, you're holding up the parade
Chumps
Hit the road
You know, Stimpy
This is the best scam yet
I'm telling you
We got it made
Poopies by babies
Have we made poopies?
No poopies
Well, we won't tell daddy this time
But next time we want to see poopies
Well, let's see if Sean did anything
Hi, what a good boy
Appa will be so proud
Yes, you're my little stinky
Bear
I'm always like you best
He looks just like you
Yeah, he sure does
But I still can't believe I let you talk me into giving him that name
Now Eugene here
There's a boy's name
Hey tough guy
Think fast
See those reflexes, hun
And a grip to match
That's right
Yeah, you're gonna wallop all your friends
You're gonna be a big strapping film
Maybe even a bully, huh?
Just like your grandpa
I won't have that man's name spoken in this house
Okay, honey, that's important to you
Give your daddy a big old hug
Honey, I think it's time the boys learn to walk
Oh, honey, I think it's too soon
Come on hun. They can't hide under their mother's skirt forever
Okay, but if my boys get rickets, we'll know who to blame
Come on boys. Come to daddy
That's it. Don't be afraid
That's amazing. They learn so fast
Hmm
They need something more challenging
Think that is a little too early
Yeah, I guess you're right
Hey Eugene, let's play your favorite game
Sadeezy
Look hun, I told you he had grandpa's grip
That's quite enough rough housing
It's time for the family bath
Oh boy, bath time
This is what family is about
There's nothing like a hot bath to settle one's digestion
The boys while I go to the door
What can I do for you officer?
We found these boys hanging out down at the track
They claim to be yours
There must be some mistake officer
My boys are safe in the bathtub with their mom and grandpa
Hey you two, you blew our cover
I want my 50 back
Come on, give it to me
Oh, you want 50?
You want 50?
I'll give you 50
Let me go
Five, seven, you're hitting me aren't you?
Eight, nine, I don't like that
Ren, Stimpy and Snick will be back after these messages
Think of all the mature, responsible things you could be doing
Helping old ladies cross the street
Proudly maintaining your yard
Or cleaning your room
But get real, you'd rather be playing video games
You can run them from Blockbuster
They've got more of the coolest new Nintendo, Super Nintendo
And Sega Genesis games for rent than anyone in the world
So dudes, why not get your games from Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do
There's a hunger inside you
You're hot
The sun is intense
You need something to take the heat off
So you go for a refreshing Snickers Ice Cream Bar
Rich, creamy ice cream with all the great taste of Snickers
There's a hunger inside you
Snickers Ice Cream Bar
America's hot new number, 1-800-Collect
America's least expensive way to call someone collect
Battle trolls, big-haired dudes with bad attitudes
Crominator, controller, nunchuck troll, and more
It's like nothing you've ever seen
Because it is nothing you've ever seen
It's an all-new scary tale on Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight on Snick
Hair loss is a continual process
Started when I was about 22, 23
I was practically bald
Men's hair now can make you look like you're used to
They've got this dermabond process
It's completely undetectable
My girlfriend doesn't even know about it
It's so easy
Call Men's Hair Now and have a successful, active lifestyle again
Be yourself again
For gradual or immediate hair replacement
Call Men's Hair Now, 1-800-Hair-202
1-800-Hair-202
This year at Six Flags Great Adventure
Answer the call
To Batman the Ride
Imagine the air below
The sky above
You are Batman
When you fly Six Flags only
Suspended outside looping
Nothing like it on Earth experience
Not even at Disney
But wait, there's more
Witness the exciting thrills
Of the Batman Stunt Show
At Six Flags Great Adventure
Get these great savings
With specially-marked hands of Diet Coke
And now, back to the glow
Of the Rennan Stimpy Show
I'm George
American
I want you to meet a real champion showdog
My prized miniature great thing
Champy
Look at the little rascal
Show us your lipstick
That's a good boy
Now a champion showdog possesses many fine traits
Like dental hygiene, for instance
Just look at those gums
You think gums like this come cheap?
No, sir
You've got to massage them
There you go
Now don't be stingy with your love
How about that?
What's this crap?
Your dog got one of these?
Yeah, I'll bet it does
To be a real champion
Your dog must have its tail bob
Easy, no
Man, that's pretty
Now note how the smooth butt
Adds a regal appearance to your showdog
Lookie, here's another one
See that?
Well, I'm a cat
Madagirl Rex
Finally, let's not overlook the importance of a showdog's fur
Look at those fine coats
They weren't born this way
Only a daily buffing can bring out that shine
Hi, you're looking mighty handsome
Shut up
Tear your tonsils out
Don't sweat it, boys
You can lick them
You can lick them all
Current date
Hey, boys
We'll have this judge eating out of the palms of our hands
All right
Let's have a look at your dog, ma'am
You call that a dog?
Rack with a hippy wig
That's in the bag
It's too easy
The winkle measure up
No, ma'am
I don't like it
Yes
It's been a good life
Next
You're kidding
Tell me that
It's not my fault
You think I want to be seen with hair like this?
Ma'am, will you look at that?
Makes me wanna puke
It's him
He makes me do it
It's his fault
Oh, please
Don't reject me
Please
It's in the bag
Look at you
You're begging
Shame on you
All right, all right
You're right
I gotta take it like a man
Next
Here, take a look at this
Hmm
That's Mount Chihuahua, huh?
Look at that
Well, this one's representative of his sickly breed
All right, he's in
Never seen this breed before
No, sir
His butt's too smooth
I've heard of that
Take a closer look, you moron
Don't you know a Cornish mad sound when you see one?
Maybe I don't
We'll take another
Are you looking closer now?
Big sack
What do you think now?
I think he looks good
Thank you
Louder
I can't hear you
He looks good
Mighty good
Thanks again
Yeah, I thought so
Well, boys, this is the big time
Make me proud
Ladies
There's a real judge for you
A man's man
Only the finest show dogs from all over
That'd be harder than I thought
Remarkable
Perfect
Time quarters
Don't worry, boys
If you don't make it
We'll just go back to more guard dog training
A salad brisket
He gets a nine
Cornish Rex hound
Go to it, Rex
Good complexion
Atta girl, Rex
Nice fox, man
He likes him, he likes him
Let's take a closer look, shall we?
Ah, yes
Good muscle time
What's this?
An ingrown dew claw
Disqualified
Take him away
You lousy rotten pambia
It took me months to push in that dew claw
And next, a prize as mahao chi hua hua
It's up to you now
You're gonna bring me my trophy
You're gonna make my dream come true
You got that?
Oh, no
I ain't going up there
Why don't you do it yourself?
Mr. Big Shot
Oh, a smart mouth, huh?
And I'm gonna win, too
Oh, look at those lines
A perfect chest from withers to brisket
Such a smooth butt
I tell you, I've never seen a finer dog in my long career
Ladies and gentlemen
For outstanding excellence amongst all breeds
I present this first prize to our finest show dog
Orange Hound
Good job
How did tonight's slime time players get chosen?
I picked them myself
From all the callers who called in to enter
And if you called in, well, you may be in line to play
As Nickelodeon's slime time sweepstakes continues
Next on Snick
I love the taste of milk, Max
It's a great taste
Which is why for the pleasure of a tall, tasty glass
I do almost anything
For the smooth, cool goodness of milk
I fly to the farthest galaxy
For the cold, refreshing taste of milk
I crawl through the burning wasteland
For one satisfying, yummy gulp of milk
I'd stretch myself to the limits
I do homework, Max
Wow, milk, it tastes so good
When I was a kid, on really hot days, we ran through the sprinkler
Today, the cool thing is flashket ball
Play school came up with it
When the ball goes in, the water shoots it out
These kids are screaming and splashing and having a blast
Lucy has got this awesome dunk shot
And Kevin, well, he dribbles a lot
On really hot days, I'm dying to get it on the game
Wish they had this cool stuff when I was a kid
Henry only dreamed about playing in the majors
I got it
Until
Hey, rolling gardener, catch
He got the break of a lifetime
The tendons have healed a little tight
This summer
I'm the new pitcher
The majors will be answering to a minor
I dare you to run
What, chicken?
Rookie of the Year
Gotcha
Reddit BG
Special sneak-reviews tonight and tomorrow
Check newspapers
There's a hunger inside you
You're hot
The sun is intense
You need something to take the heat off
So you go for a refreshing Snickers ice cream bar
Rich, creamy ice cream with all the great taste of Snickers
Snickers ice cream bar
Nickelodeon knows that taking care of the earth is a big job
But you can help just by turning off the water
You'd be amazed how much water is wasted every time you turn it on
Because while you're
And the water keeps
So when you're not using the water, just turn it off
And save an important part of the earth from going down the drain
For more ways that you can help the earth
Keep watching the First Kids Network
Nickelodeon
Hi, I'm Nickelodeon Studios
We're getting ready to play Slime Time
And right now from a sneak party at our local McDonald's
In Roseville, Minnesota
We have Amira live on an AT&T video phone
And Amira, you know how to play
So let's get started
When you say stop
A Nickelodeon character is gonna tell you
Who you need to find on our game board
To make a match to win
So when you're ready, yell out stop
Hey, it's me Kiki from Are You Afraid of the Dark
And fellow member of the Midnight Society, Gary
Somewhere out on the game board
Now if you find him, you win
Two chances to find Gary
Pick a box, Amira
Let's see, six
It's me
Walter from Welcome Freshmen
Take another shot
Okay, take another guess
Let's see, four
It's me, Gary
Slime Time is sponsored by McDonald's, Sega
And the place where only kids win, Nickelodeon
Come on, let's go, we're getting late
What's the rush?
Fright night at the Majestic Theater
Gore Ram, a triple feature marathon
We got free passes
Cool
What's playing?
Who cares, let's go
I've been to Fright Night, and I'm never going back
Why not?
Because Frank's Afraid of the Dark, remember
I'm not going back
Because you're sitting in that movie theater for so long
You start to forget that the real world even exists
The only thing that seems real
Is the horror movie up on the screen
That's what my story's about
You know when you get really scared
You can always tell yourself that it's just a movie
But sometimes a movie seems so real
That it's hard to tell the difference between what's make-believe
And what's really there
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society
I call this story
The Tale of the Midnight Madness
Enjoy the film, man
Everybody's a critic
Let's go
This place is depressing
I gotta clean the house first
Six bucks, that's it
One popcorn, two sodas
Pete bought second soda
Friday's supposed to be a good night
Six bucks is a good night
Well, this job's getting tough
Had to pick up two of these things tonight
Make jokes, you're gonna laugh when they shut this place down
No, they'll never close in the alto, it's a lot more
Tell that to the owners, they don't like losing money
Is everything busted around here?
This place would fall apart without you
Well, it's falling apart anyway
Maybe we can reuse these
Hey, do you really think they're gonna shut us down?
I don't know
But I'm applying for a job over at the Quad
The Quad? That's a multiplex
And it's got lines around the block
I need the job
Hey, uh, you wanna get something to eat?
Oh, no, I got homework
Thanks anyway
Pete couldn't stand to see the real to die
So, he started a campaign to keep it open
It wasn't just his job he was worried about
Pete loved movies and loved the old theater
But it was no use
Unless a miracle happened, the real to was doomed
Sorry
Thanks
This almost locks out
Yeah, well, don't bother
No one comes in when we're open
So how's the campaign going, Don Cutie?
Well, you know, I went to the zoning commission
to try to get landmark status
It's not going to be easy
I hate to break this to you, Pete
But I think you're just dreaming
Why don't you just
Well, we're not open for an hour
An hour
Who are you?
Vink's the name, Dr. Vink
Dr. Vink?
Vink, the ver, ver, ver
Perfect, absolutely perfect
We're not open yet
That smell
It's wonderful
No modern theater has that smell
It's stale popcorn
Look, what do you want?
It's not what I want, lad
It's what you want
Is this your handiwork?
Yeah?
Then I've come to the right place
Guys, a nut bag
I'm calling the police
No
Mothers
Mothers, I couldn't have designed it better myself
Look, you're not supposed to be here, okay?
What is this?
Who are you?
Vink's the name, Dr. Vink
With a ver, ver, ver
Whatever you're selling, I'm not buying
My good man
I've come to save your theater
And it won't cost you a dime
And I am not a nut bag
I am a filmmaker
At least I used to be
Back when theaters like this were commonplace
Back before widescreens
Before color
Before sound
Back when films tried to stir the imagination
Not bludgeon it
How old are you?
Old enough to know that things have changed
Look, pal
My films were quite popular, you know
They always had a certain
How did you do that?
Film I made many years ago
A horror film
Really?
A vampire film, to be precise
It's quite unique
For in my story
The vampire wins
What's your angle, pal?
My good man
I make you a promise
Show my film in your theater
And people will flock to see it
Your fortunes will turn
And you'll make far more than six bucks a night
A black and white silent film is gonna turn this place around
And that ain't a vampire movie
That's a fairy tale
You don't have to believe me
Just show my film once and you'll see
As for payment
Ah, here we go
I don't want money
All I ask is that once your success is assured
You give me one night a week of your choosing
To show my other films to the public
This film can do as you say
I'll give you three nights plus a cut of the vending
I don't want your popcorn money
Just one night a week
Do we have a deal?
You're a wise man
Look, buddy, maybe you'd better...
Where'd he go?
Back to Mars, where he came from
So do we show it?
The guy's loony, throw it out
Pete stuck the movie in the projection booth and forgot all about it
But he didn't forget his mission to save the Rialto
Though it was looking pretty bad
Bills were piling up and ticket sales were going down
It was only a matter of time before the owners would pull the plug
And shut the old theater down forever
Then one Saturday night, things took an interest in return
You wanted to see us?
Yeah
Something tells me this is bad news
So?
I just got the word
We close in two weeks
Boy, they can't close down a landmark
I think maybe they can
Oh, what come on?
What happened?
I don't know
I'll go handle the refunds
No, wait, wait
We've had technical difficulties with tonight's film
And won't be able to continue with the showing
But we've got a special surprise
We're going to be showing a classic film
From the golden age of silent movies instead
And if you stay for the showing
And are completely satisfied
You'll still get a full refund when you leave
This better be good, young lady
My time is band-aid
Enjoy the show
I was so scared of the edges
So good, I'll probably have nightmares for a week
Show more classics like that, kid
And you might get a couple more customers
See you tomorrow
Good night
Tell your friends
They loved it
No one wanted a refund
Yes!
Let's hug again
Um, Pete
Oh, sorry, I didn't mean to
Oh, no
That's
Exactly what that Dr. Wink guy said would happen
Oh, yeah, I guess it is
Weird
Let's talk this stuff
Afraid of the dark?
Stay in the glow of the couch
And stay tuned
Think of all the mature, responsible things
You could be doing
Helping old ladies cross the street
Hanging with your folks
Or cleaning your room
But get real
You'd rather be playing video games
You can rent them from Blockbuster
They've got more video games for rent
Than anyone in the world
And now
Every Blockbuster is getting
Tons of the coolest new video games
And you can play for three whole evenings
So, dudes
Why not get your games from Blockbuster?
It's the mature thing to do
Cooler than a shag haircut
Easier to wear than poultry
More comfortable than a kick of the head
They're Bark2s from Bark's Root Beer
Cool removable body art
In 36 different designs
Free inside specially marked 12 packs
Of great tasting Bark's Root Beer
The one with pipe
So leave your later hose and home
And make a fashion statement on your arm
On your leg
Or on your
Head
With Bark2s from Bark's Root Beer
And one with Bark2s
Every little girl loves little trolls
But what do guys wish for?
Battle Trolls around the control
Battle Trolls
Big hair twos with bad attitudes
Born to battle
Even other Battle Trolls
Troll call
Trominator
Controlera
Nunchuck Troll
Bullseye Troll in the Troll Net Launcher
Men Troll in his Trollosaurus
Battle Trolls
Trolls and Trolls
Let's eat so separately
Now the sneaking begins again
With Are You Afraid of the Dark
Dr. Vink's movie was a smash
So
They started a Saturday night midnight madness show
And it became a huge cult hit
They got so busy
The owners decided not to sell
Just as Dr. Vink predicted
Good night
Thanks for coming
Come again
Good night
Major popcorn sales
The place is a mess
Yes
Hey
You know, I was wondering
Maybe after the dirty
You know, we clean up and everything
You know, you and I could
Evening, Matt
Dr. Vink
I thought I'd stop by
And see how things were progressing
Well, your film's a smash
It's unbelievable
I mean, people are packing in
And staying for two shows
And bringing friends
There you are!
I want to shake the hand
Of the man who saved this theater
Where you been?
I thought it best to stay away
Until the success of your theater
Was assured
Success?
We're killing them
And don't think I forget
Who we can thank for that
It's time we made a deal
For that masterpiece of yours
I believe we already have a deal
You promised me one night a week
To show my other films, did you not?
You were serious about that?
Quite
Look, Doc, I can't show old movies
Here during the week
Saturday night, midnight, maybe
But I'm getting A-list films
In here now
Why don't I just write you a check?
I don't want your money
I don't want your friendship
I want your theater
One shouldn't make a bargain
If they can't honor their commitments
Maybe we...
Look, pal
It's not gonna happen
You want a rental fee for your movie?
Fine
But you are not getting this theater
End of story
My friend
This story is far, far from over
It's only just beginning
Hey
He doesn't want to get paid for his film
That's his problem
The reality will continue to do well
All because of Dr. Vink's strange movie
Pete wanted to study it
To figure out why it was so magical
Unfortunately
He was about to find out
You know what?
I just had the weirdest dream
What?
I thought I saw Nosferatu step out of the movie
I think you've been working here too long
Katie
I know you think I'm kind of a geek
You're not a geek, Pete
You're an arch
I'm kidding
Well, you know, I guess you know that
I kind of like you and stuff
It's okay, Pete
I kind of like you too
Mr. Kristoff
Bruce
I'll get an ambulance
It's dead
No way
We gotta get help
I'll stay with him
No, we're staying together
Come on
No
Pete, what is going on?
It's Dr. Vink it's gotta be
He's trying to scare me
Well, he's doing a good job
We know it's you, Dr. Vink
Is that the vampire?
No, yes
Maybe
I don't know
Maybe I did see it come out of the movie
Movies aren't real
Well, that guy looked pretty real to me
What are we gonna do?
Okay
Maybe I'm crazy
But I think I saw that vampire
Come out of the film
How?
I don't know
There's something weird about that movie
And Dr. Vink's using it to get revenge
This can't be real
Okay
I got an idea
Throw out the last reel and project it
Why?
What are you gonna do?
Probably something stupid
But I gotta try
You know when it's ready
Who are you?
How did you get here?
Have no idea
Oh, that
I couldn't have written it better myself
As for you, Kristoff
Look, Dr. Vink
I've been thinking
A deal's a deal
Forget what I said before
You can have your one night a week
That won't be necessary
You see
I've just purchased this theater
You what?
Oh, yes
Now I can show my films every night
And believe me
Better than this one
The end
So who's going to fright night?
Uh
It's getting late
Yeah
I'm kind of tired
Here, you can have my ticket
I thought you weren't going to fright night
You kidding?
It's just a movie
And I got two free passes
Let's go
Come on
Coming up next
It's the final chapter of Nick at Night's
Very, Very Requested
Stay tuned as we count down
The most requested episodes
Four guaranteed classics
That viewers requested the most
You may think you know which ones they are
But there's only one way to be sure
Stay tuned